Meeting Number: 2/ Date: 29/01/15, 2:30 – 3.15 
Members in Attendance: Owen, Alex, Kat	Apologies: Luke (due to work experience), James
Presented Progress: N/A	Suggestions for Improvement of Pre-Existing Work: 
Discussed Items: 
	Discussed current progress on ideas for the group project. The idea for a troubleshooting website was raised. Our supervisor suggested that research should be done into whether similar sites already exist, and determine what would be different about ours. 
	She also suggested that we needed to narrow down the categories of what we could provide in order to make our artefact suitable to support a niche market. 
	Further to the website idea, it was suggested that it needs to be self-propagating and that users can actively share information instead of passively receive it. Similarly, databases used need to be dynamic and easily updateable. This could be accomplished in MySQL or PHP. 
	It was further suggested that the needs of the target audience should be considered. These will define the requirements for the artefact to fulfil, which in turn will inform the build. 
	A further suggestion is to gather information directly from the target audience in order to inform the design, and then have them judge the product at the end, so that the final evaluation could be judged on a more solid ground. The evaluators could be the same group who made design suggestions, and form a resource for the project. 
	In considering the needs of the target audience, the project should be approached as though the group is trying to solve a problem and the artefact is the most prudent solution. 
	General Housekeeping: It is suggested that the group assign a Project Leader before the next meeting. A log needs to be kept that clearly shows the delegation of tasks and whether these tasks have been fulfilled by the next meeting. Suggested reading: Novice to Ninja by Kevin Yank for Database integration   
	Due to Luke having work experience on a Thursday, meetings with the supervisor have been set for Fridays at 12pm, after the Business Processes lecture, most likely in Bridget’s office, MC221D. These meetings will begin next week, on Friday 6th February.

Agreed Action: Research further into existing websites on security so that a feasible project can be settled on in the next meeting on Monday. Nominate a team leader. 	Next Meeting: 02/02/15, 11am – 12pm UL07 (group only)
Work to be Prepared for Next Meeting: N/A
Responsible Party: All
Completion Deadline: 02/02/15 (before next meeting)	Task: 
	 Research into the current providers of sites for websites regarding security with consideration of their target audiences, and the features they may be missing. 
Responsible Party: All
Completion Deadline: 06/02/15 (Before next meeting with supervisor). 	Task: Appoint a Project Leader.


